you
I also bought that
Dad doesn't understand me as a daughter
It is more obligatory for you to lie down
Here's your relationship with that truck driver
All the information
I know the truck driver
So what? What does this prove?
Then this call log
Ha ha.
Just call records first?
What does that prove?
Trying to take me down
It's not even close.
Even if you think I'm doing well, so what?
What you did
It's just some vacation with my disciple
Hahahaha
I used to eat on my lap
Entrusted by Mr. Inlin
Shares of the fourth uncle of the neighboring family council
All have been transferred to Mr. Lin's competition.
In addition to all Mr. Lin's shares in the market
Also found Mr. Lin's game
And it passed an hour ago.
What would shock be?
Now you have become Lin's Group
Largest family member
And it's a later family member
That's not possible.
What if you become the largest shareholder in the family?
You are the family council system
Even if I only own 30% of the shares
They hold 51% of the voting rights
Hahaha your voting rights
It's your opportunity. Do you use it?